Added release notes for #6842 and #6846 (#6850)
python-pillow/Pillow: docs/releasenotes/9.4.0.rst

Security
========

Fix memory DOS in ImageFont
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

A corrupt or specially crafted TTF font could have font metrics that lead to
unreasonably large sizes when rendering text in font. ``ImageFont.py`` did not
check the image size before allocating memory for it. This dates to the PIL

> fork. Pilllow 8.2.0 added a check for large sizes, but did not consider the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fork. Pillow 8.2.0 added a check for large sizes, but did not consider the
```

> case where one dimension was zero.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
case where one dimension is zero.
```

Null pointer dereference crash in ImageFont
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Pillow attempted to dereference a null pointer in ``ImageFont``, leading to a

> crash. An error is now raised instead. This would have been present since

Reviewer: ```suggestion
crash. An error is now raised instead. This has been present since
```
